#Privacy Policy

##Last updated: December 14, 2016
The Koha community ("us", "we", or "our") operates the http://hea.koha-community.org website (the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information when you use our Service.
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. 
We use your personal information for providing and improving the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible at http://hea.koha-community.org

##Information Collection and Use
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you.
All information sent by Koha to Hea is optional, and you can choose to have this information anonymised.
This information is used by the community to learn more about who is using Koha.
For example we collect information about which system preferences you have enabled so that if we are deciding to change or deprecate a feature we have some idea how many users this will impact.

##Data Storage
The data collected by Hea is stored in a relational database. We store a library_id that is assigned by Hea.
The library_id is generated by creating a base64 md5 hash of the library name plus 256 bits of entropy.
This ID is stored in Hea and in the Koha Systempreference[name of thing in koha, not typo??]. Hea uses this to identify the library anonymously. 
The library name is only stored if the user opts in to having this stored.
Other optional identity data stored is 
URL,
library type
and country.

Hea also receives and stores the values of some system preferences, which do not contain personal information.
The list of system preferences returned to Hea [are they all returned?] can be found at https://github.com/Koha-Community/Koha/blob/master/C4/UsageStats.pm#L77
Hea also receives data about the biblio, borrowers, old_issues, aqorders, subscription, auth_header
and old_reserves database tables [assuming these are table names?]. However the Hea cron job that runs as part of Koha only sends the count of the rows of those tables, never
the data in them.

##Log Data
We collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service ("Log Data"). This Log Data may include information such as your computer's internet protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
When Koha contacts Hea to send information, this is also logged as above.

##Security
The security of your personal information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use industry best practice to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

##Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

###Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by sending an email to the Koha mailing list https://koha-community.org/support/koha-mailing-lists/
